Zhao Gongzi hahahaha
That was five years ago.
The Dragon King once said on the day of retreat
When exiting customs
Will put the much-anticipated Dragon King Palace agency
Hand it over to our first family of Great Xia
Who can compete with the Great Xia Zhao family
That is, the first Wuzong Fan family
It's a pity that the Fan family head Zhuge is bedridden with a strange disease
From then on, the Fan family never got excited to take care of me
The agency of this Dragon King Palace is none other than Mr. Zhao
In the future, I will wait for Mr. Zhao, and the horse's head is a mountain
Hahahaha congratulations to Mr. Zhao
This is Mr. Li that Mr. Zhao often mentions.
Oh, what a talented woman.
With the help of Mr. Zhao
It won't be long
Mr. Li's actions are above my expectations, hahaha.
At that time, please give your seniors a lot of support
15th of this month
It was my wedding day with Mrs. Zhao
Please come and join us
It was Mr. Zhao who took the agency of the Dragon King Palace
Hug the beauty again
Double happiness
Congratulations, congratulations, hahahaha.
Who allowed you to get married?
Why isn't he dead yet?
Master, why are you here?
It's a pity I'm not blind anymore